Add the ocis init --diff command argument (#943)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/ocis-init.adoc

* Providing changes via yaml files.

In any case, after changes have been applied, Infinite Scale bust be restarted to make changes effective.

== Diff Mode

> `ocis init` provides an a additinal argument whith which you can generate a patchable diff file. The `--diff` argument can be used when you update to a new Infinite Scale version and want to see which changes to mandatory settings have appeared. Using the diff argument is safe, as the command never changes any settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ocis init` provides an a additional argument with which you can generate a patchable diff file. The `--diff` argument can be used when you update to a new Infinite Scale version and want to see which changes to mandatory settings have appeared. Using the diff argument is safe, as the command never changes any settings.
```

The diff is stored in the xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#default-paths[config folder] as `ocis.config.patch` file and can either be applied to `ocis.yaml` using the linux `patch` command or you can apply the changes manually.

.Example diff command
[source,bash]
----
ocis init --diff
----

> .Example diff file like when upgrading from 5 (production) to 6 (rolling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example diff file when upgrading from 5 (production) to 6 (rolling)
```
